EZP-32239: ERP revision (#1307)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/guide/shop_features/erp.md

# ERP [[% include 'snippets/commerce_badge.md' %]]

> [[= product_name =]] can be connected to ERP systems. Out of the box it offers connection for the Microsoft Dynamics ERP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[[= product_name =]] can be connected to ERP systems. 
Out of the box, it offers connection for the Microsoft Dynamics ERP.
```

> Existing ERP customers can automatically create an account in the shop without waiting for confirmation from the administrator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Existing ERP customers can automatically create an account in the shop without waiting for a confirmation from the administrator.
```

The shop updates customer data from the ERP in real time.

## Stock information

> [[= product_name =]] requests real-time stock information from the ERP

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[[= product_name =]] requests real-time stock information from the ERP system
```

and notifies the customer if the stock is lower than the required quantity.
It is possible to display the real stock as a numeric value as well.

![](img/stock_info_in_basket.png)

## Configuration of price providers

The shop owner can select systems used for calculating prices.

> A fallback price provider (e.g. using imported prices) can be configured. It is used if ERP is not available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A fallback price provider can be configured (for example, one that uses imported prices). 
It is used if ERP is not available.
```
